.TH wrath 8 "MAY 2013" Linux "WRATH"
.SH NAME
wrath \- generically hijack TCP connections occuring on your subnet.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wrath 
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.I FILTER
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B wrath 
takesover TCP connections on the selected interface's subnet.
It watches network activity and inserts a custom payload or tcp-flags
into a TCP connection taking place. Using the Berkely Packet Filter syntax
.B wrath
is able to precisely target victims and other circumstances on the network.
There is a subtle art to choosing a good filter string in combination with a 
good token or hijack method, how well you're able to choose these values will 
affect wrath's efficacy. 
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Operations
.IP "-o token"
tell wrath what application header content to search for in victim's connection.
\n
o http-resp	hijacks HTTP responses (looks for requests)
\n
o http-rqst	hijacks HTTP request (looks for responses)
\n
o tcp	hijacks any TCP connection (allows you to mark flags)
\n
o no-sting	hijacks any connection which contains some application data
\n
.SS General Options
.IP "-a application_header"
attach a custom payload described in
.B APPLICATION HEADER
to the injected packet.

.IP "-i interface"
supply a networking interface to inject packets from.

.IP "-l file"
file to log hijack activity to.

.IP "-f filter"
explicity pass in a string describing a legal Berkely Packet Filter.

.IP "-n number"
the number of victim packets to hijack.

.IP "-c command"
provide a payload as an argument.

.IP "-h"
output the help file.

.SS TCP Operation Specific Options

.IP "-tR"
mark the TCP RST flag of all attack packets. 

.IP "-tA"
mark the TCP ACK flag of all attack packets.

.IP "-tF"
mark the TCP FIN flag of all attack packets.

.IP "-tP"
mark the TCP PSH flag of all attack packets.

.IP "-tU"
mark the TCP URG flag of all attack packets.

.SH APPLICATION HEADERS (PAYLOADS)
Writing a payload demands knowing a cleartext protocol and knowing the protocols behaviours in the wild. It contains
all the data the recieving end expects, for example, a hijacked HTTP response's application header
must contain an HTTP status code, HTTP version, and maybe other HTTP header variables; once these
are declared in HTTP payload you may start writing the malicious html, javascript, css (ha, malicious 
css) into the application header.
\n
.SB See the appheaders directory in this package for some examples.

.SH EXAMPLES
\n
# wrath -o http-resp -a appheader/http/takeover "src host 10.0.0.5 and port 80"\n
\n
This invokation will hijack active HTTP requests and forge a server response using
the file 'appheaders/http/takeover' as the header of the response. The filter string
specifies that the connection must be originating from 10.0.0.5 and either of machines 
taking part in the connection must be on port 80. This is the most effective way to 
forge server responses to a client on your subnet. Take note that we are hijacking the
server's connection by only responding to packets sent by the local victim.\n
\n
# wrath -o PRIVMSG -o appheaders/irc/escalateprivs "dst host 192.168.1.13 and port 6667"\n
\n
This invokation will hijack an IRC user's connection and attach the escalateprivs content
onto the injected packet, escalating the hijacker's priviledges to operator when a message
on a victim's channel is posted.\n
\n

.SH DEPENDENCIES
Wrath depends on libnet-1.3 and libpcap-1.1

.SH ETYMOLOGY
WRATH is an acronym for "What? Really? Another TCP Hijacker?" (special thanks to Max David) 

.SH BUGS
Report any bugs to Nick Stephens (nick.stephens93@gmail.com)
.SH AUTHOR
Nick Stephens (nick.stephens93@gmail.com)

